Charles Bukowski - Don't Try
This guy was really succesful, but he was in his own way. He didn't fit into the traditional definition of 
succesful man. He was a loser and he knew but he embraced that. Maybe he wasn't a loser, he just didn't fit 
the traditional defition. He didn't give a fuck about the traditional defition.

- The Problem with Self Improvement
The problem with self improvement (looking to be more happy, more productive, more anything) is that you 
focus on what you don't have instead of focusing on what you do have. Is not that self improvement is a bad thing, 
which is bad is longing and focusing on what you don't have instead of focusing on what you do have and what you
are right now. Toxic self improvement makes you always feel like you're not enough.

>>> My personal take away is that the problem lies in comparing your life to others', instead of comparing it to 
    whom you were yesterday. And also refusing to enjoy your present because you're too busy longing for the future.

>>> The key to a good, meaningful like is giving a fuck about what really is important, what is true, not about 
    what you see in social media.

- The Feedback Loop from Hell
    Positive feedback loops also work in negative direction. If you lose too much just because of that you can start
    losing more. Also pick your battles. Give fucks only about what you should.

>>> The world is fucked, it has always been that way, it will always be that way. And that's alright. That's how it is
    supposed to be and that doesn't mean that you can't live a good life, in fact that's the very reason why you
    can live a meaningful life.

- Don't Try
    This is related to a principle in Tao that my friend Hernan (The H-man) told me about. If you're looking for 
    happiness you probably won't find it. If you're too busy searching for the meaning of life you won't live.
    It's not bad to pursue stuff and want stuff, whats bad is feeling like you don't have enough when you 
    actually do.

>>> Everything that's worthwhile in life is won through surmounting the associated negative experience. That is what 
    not giving a fuck means, being able to look at adversity and still taking action because you don't give a fuck 
    that it's gonna be hard. 

>>> Not giving a fuck is about learning to prioritize your thoughs and choose what matters and what doesn't.

- The Subtle Art of Not Giving a Fuck 
1. Not giving a fuck is not about beinf indifferent, it is about being comfortable with beign different.
2. To not give a fuck about adversity, you must first give a fuck about something more important than adversity.
3. Whether you realize it or not, you're always choosing what to give a fuck about.

>>> The basic idea of not giving a fuck is reorienting our expectations in life and choosing what to care about.