>>> TOOLS THAT YOU CAN IMPLEMENT ON YOUR OWN

    1. Distanced Self-Talking:
        Using second or third person when talking to yourself. Less rumination and negative emotions, wiser thinking.
    
    2. Image and advising friend:
        Imagine a friend with the same or similar situation, imagine what you would advise to them and then
        apply it to yourself.

    3. Broaden your perspective:
        When going through negative or difficult circumstances is ok to compare your situation to situations of 
        other that may be harder, this normalizes yours. Also picturing how this moment fits into the bigger 
        picture of your life and what will come out of it.
    
    4. Reframe your experience as a challenge:
        This is about realizing that the situation is not a threat, because you have the tools to deal with it.
        Remember that you were able in the past to solve something similar. Coach yourself.

    5. Reinterpret your body's chatter response:
        Remember that your body responds to stress to help you overcome the situation, not to sabotagge you.

    6. Normalize your experience:
        Know that you're not alone in your experience, that it is a normal part of human experience.

    7. Engage in mental time travel:
        Think of how you will feel in the near future after solving this difficult situation and what you 
        will be able to have or do because you sticked around.

    8. Change the view:
        Use the "fly on the wall view". Try to understand why your "distant self" feels this way.
        This helps get insight on the situation and understand how to get closure.

    9. Write expressively:
        For a short period of time (lets say 3 days) write freely and in detail (for 15 - 20 minutes) about your 
        experience and how you felt from a narrators perspective. This will allow you to make sense of what you 
        felt and improve how you feel over time.

    10. Adopt the perspective of a neutral third party:
        In a conflict, assume the perspective of a neutral third party who wants the best possible outcome for
        all the parties. This reduces negative emotions and improves your relationship with the other parties.

    11. Clutch a lucky charm or embrace a superstition:
        Exactly what the title says, this helps harness the power of placebos and your brains expectations.

    12. Perform a ritual:
        Rituals provide people with a sense of order and control. You can create your own rituals or use the 
        ones you learned from your culture.


>>> TOOLS THAT INVOLVE OTHER PEOPLE 
    
    >>> TOOLS FOR PROVIDING CHATTER SUPPORT

        1. Address people's emotional and cognitive needs
            People look for care and support and also concrete ideas to solve their problems. Validate people's 
            feelings while broadening their perspective providing hope and normalizing their experience.

        2. Provide invisible support 
            Offering advice usually backfires if people is not asking for it. It threatens people's sense of
            self-efficacy and autonomy. Instead, provide help without people noticing it (you do it cause you
            love them). You can do it through stories, conversations and the likes but you gotta be smart about     
            it.

        3. Tell your kids to pretend they're a superhero
            The batman effect. This is pretty straight forward. Your mind has a vision of what the most awesome 
            being would do in this situation and you can follow that. (At the ends its just you).

        4. Touch affectionately (but respectfully)
            About this you gotta be smart too, this only works if you're a loved one or at least there's a level
            of affection. It can release endorphins and oxytocin. But i guess it can also trigger some stress, 
            it depends on the person.

        5. Be someone else's placebo
            Help people with a positive look, this influences theirs perspective and acts like a placebo.

    >>> TOOLS FOR RECEIVING CHATTER SUPPORT

        1. Build a board of advisors
            Find the right people to talk to. Not everyone is gonna be good at helping you, so find the right
            people. Its important that you find adversity in this (intellectual, not skin or sexuality).

        2. Seek out physical contact
            Pretty straight forward too. Don't focus too much on this one if it doesn't work for you, only 
            you know your circumstances.

        3. Look at the photo of a loved one
            Remind yourself that there are people that love you and that you can rely (up to a certain point) on.
     
        4. Perform a ritual with others 
            This is to get the benefits of a community, like less loneliness, feeling of belonging, transcendence, etc.

        5. Minimize passive social media usage 
            Passive usage of social media triggers self-defeating and envy-inducing thougts. Use social media 
            actively instead. (I guess this makes you the star of the show, but in the end, that's how it is 
            for everyone, you're always the star of your own show in your mind and that is a good thing).

        6. Use social media to gain support 
            Just be cautious, if you're gonna do this look for people with alike thoughts and cosmovisions.


>>> TOOLS THAT INVOLVE THE ENVIRONMENT 

    1. Create order in your enviroment 
        This helps if you need to boost your inner sense of control. Pretty straight forward, seek for something 
        that you can control in your physical environment and base on that.

    2. Increase your exposure to green spaces
        This helps increase the brains limited attention reserves. This can be done physically, virtually or 
        through sounds.

    3. Seek out awe-inspiring experiences 
        This helps putting problems in perspective. It can be a breath-taking view, a memory of a child,
        appretiating a piece of art, whatever works for you really. 
        Awe is this sensation that you get when you experience something marvelous that you can't quite 
        explain. 